# Deep  Calibration of Local Stochastic Volatility models 

Authors: 

Christa Cuchiero (University of Vienna), [Homepage](https://www.mat.univie.ac.at/~cuchiero/)

Wahid Khosrawi (ETH Zurich), [Homepage](https://people.math.ethz.ch/~kwahid/)

Josef Teichmann (ETH Zurich), [Homepage](https://people.math.ethz.ch/~jteichma/)



 
&nbsp;
## Implementation of the adversarial training
This folder contains the version of the code with adversarial training. In a first step,
several implied vola data sets are generated by randomly sampling the parameters of the ground truth assumption. The calibration error in each training step is then chosen to be the maximum difference to each market price. 


&nbsp;
### Regarding the finmodels folder
Note that the `finModels` forlder is an exact copy of the one in the parent folder. This is so that we don't have to deal with relative imports or manipulate the python path etc.


&nbsp;

&nbsp;
## License
 
MIT License
Copyright (c) 2020 Christa Cuchiero, Wahid Khosrawi, Josef Teichmann

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
